doc: "docker getting started" mentions `flash` limitations (#24336)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/getting_started_docker.md

# For example: util/docker_build.sh planck/rev6:default:flash
```

> Note that mass storage bootloader are not supported by the `flash` target. In this case you have to manually copy over the firmware file to the keyboard.

Reviewer: I think this reads better: 

```suggestion
Note that mass storage bootloaders are not supported by the `flash` target. In this case you will have to manually copy the firmware file to the keyboard.
```
